This will be a review on the Bestseller Fiction novel the Vegetarian by Han Kang

A very disturbing and perturbing account surrounding 4 people and the book consists of only 3 chapters, averaging about 50 to 60 pages per chapter, the book is written from the perspective of 3 characters whose lives have been severely affected by a dream and subsequent actions of Yeong-hye, the wife of the narrator, Mr. Cheong, in the first chapter, sister-in-law of the person mentioned in the second chapter and the sister of Ing-hye around whom the third chapter revolves around. The complicated nature and psychological impact Yeong-hye's life has had on her, the choices pushed on to her and the several pertubations she experienced while being in her own home and even when she was married off to Mr Cheong, shape this woman's fragile psyche to the extreme where reality itself is marred and she can no longer consider herself as human to the extent where she "atones" for her existence by constricting herself to a strictly vegetarian diet, something she was never familiar with, which leads her to develop a sever eating disorder that gets worse accompanied by the severe schizophrenia she experiences from the dreams she keeps having. The book revolves around her life from the unique perspectives of her husband, Mr Cheong, who sees her as merely a tool to satisfy him and wishes her to be content to just be serving him, on an additional note a thought that is shared by his father in law, Yeong-hye's own father. When he realised his wife would never return back to the life he was accustomed to, he served her with divorce papers, ending all contact with her and her family and disappearing entirely from every aspect of her life. 
The second chapter trails off from the first when Yeong-hye tries to slit her hands when she was forced fed meet by her father after he strikes her for disobeying his command to consume whatever was made on the table. This chapter presents the perspective of Yeong-hye's brother in law, Ing-hye's husband, a man so consumed by art, his mind raced with lewd and lustful intentions towards Yeong-hye when his wife mentioned that Yeong-hye still had her Mongolian mark from childhood. This, compiled with his obsession when he carried his bleeding sister in law to the hospital created a distorted sense of sexual arrousal that prompted him to imagine a scenario where she would have intercourse with another man all decorated in flowers and petals, surrounding her Mongolian mark. Yeong-hye is now being treated for her condition and he provides her the opportunity to perform for him where he would capture him painting on her body using his camcorder. Initially he convinces his coworker,a man with a better physique than him, to have intercourse with her after he is also painted on, but he refuses, alarmed by the absurdness and absolute lack of decency the situation demanded. In Yeong-hye's eyes, the flowers felt calming and reassuring, securing her in her thoughts and dreams and keeping her demons at bay. The brother in law, drawn by Yeong-hye's non chalant attitude towards being painted nude, felt her beckoning him towards her and ends up capturing him with her on his recorder. His wife comes over to check on Yeong-hye but is appalled by the scene she witnesses and the recorded footage makes her lose all respect towards her husband prompting him to attempt to jump off the building but she calls up protective services to handle him and Yeong-hye.
The third chapter is one that provides an even deeper analysis on what could have actually happened to Yeong-hye and where things might have actually started getting murkier. This chapter, written from Ing-hye's perspective shows her losing all hope over her husband to the point she tells her 6 year old son that he no longer has a father. Yeong-hye is now admitted to a psych ward away in the mountains and her family cuts all ties with her and her sister after the bizarre events from the previous chapter comes to light. In this chapter we witness a slowly wearing out Ing-hye, a woman of great strength that she was the sole breadwinner for her family, brought her small business to great success even when she was with child, and fought all odds to even buy a house in Seoul. After everything is over, when she visits her sister who is adamantly insisting that she belongs to be one with nature and thus needs no food nor drink, Ing-hye's fragile mind begins to ponder off, wondering if had things been different would she been where Yeong-hye is now at. The spotlight is now entirely on Ing-hye who realised that from the beginning, her younger sister bore a lot of abuse to a point she unlocks a memory where Yeong-hye wished to never return back to her home. This reminds Ing-hye that throughout Yeong'hye's life, perhaps she was never shown an ounce of love nor concern that led her to feel guilty and responsible for all that was happening to her and that perhaps Yeong-hye once went through the same emotions she was now going through. Ing-hye, now grasping at the tethers of her own mind going insane from taking care of her son, her sister and her business all alone, hurt in every way mentally, tries to slowly understand and criticize Yeong-hye for her decision to reject eating anything and her lack of concern towards the state she was driving everyone around her to. The chapter ends abruptly, with Yeong-hye being admitted to the general ward to be fed food via IV as she had forcefully removed the IV every time it was inserted, leading to her rupturing every blood vessel possible to feed her through. Ing-hye now looks at the world from the perspective of her sister, a dystopia world, far unfamiliar from the one she was living in all this while. I haven't done complete justice to this chapter as the emotions here were more raw and somehow miniaturizing it feels difficult.

This book is written from a very simplistic and raw perspective I felt it very disturbing to read it, the first chapter is absolutely immersive, until I realised this person is am absolute douche

